Before Donald Trump took the White House by
storm, he earned a college degree.
Most of his kids followed suit and were well
known at their schools, but not always in
a good way.
As for the first lady?
Well, her academic history is murkier than
Donald's tax returns.
Let's study the Trumps' education.
Not only does he describe himself as being,
quote, "like, really smart," Donald Trump
also boasted about having "one of the highest
IQs" in a May 2013 tweet.
Perhaps it was his mental prowess that earned
him admission into an Ivy League college after
he graduated from high school… or maybe
not.
Donald attended Fordham University for two
years, before transferring to the University
of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Business.
The Washington Post reported that Trump squeezed
his way into the school, writing,
Though he's now known for his boisterous and
cocky demeanor, the president reportedly made
a less memorable impression at his prestigious
college.
According to the Boston Globe,
Commencement details from his 1968 graduation
show that he didn't graduate anywhere near
the top of the class, according to the the
New York Times.
He did, however, obtain a Bachelor of Science
degree in economics, according to Metro, and
his alumni status certainly opened up a lot
of doors for his entire family.
Donald Trump Jr. followed in his dad's footsteps
by enrolling in to the Wharton School at the
University of Pennsylvania, but while his
dad supposedly shied away from the party scene,
Don Jr. reportedly immersed himself in campus
life, earning a reputation of a wild child.
Don Jr.'s former classmate, Scott Melker,
shared on Facebook,
While speaking with New York magazine in 2004,
he looked back on his college years and all
but confirmed the rampant rumors, saying,
Nonetheless, Don Jr. managed to hit the books
hard enough to earn a degree in finance and
real estate, admitting to Oprah Winfrey that
bearing the Trump name certainly helped in
this endeavor:
"We've been spoiled in terms of education,
been able to see the world, many things, but
I think there's definitely a stigmata [sic]
associated with it at times."
Ivanka Trump attended Georgetown University
for two years, before transferring to her
dad's alma mater, the University of Pennsylvania.
The Daily Pennsylvanian reached out to some
of Ivanka's old classmates, and many of them
had nothing but kind words to say about the
first daughter.
One former classmate said,
However, not everyone was impressed by Ivanka's
college years.
Another student claimed Ivanka "didn't seem
all that super intelligent" but added, "she
seemed nice enough."
Regardless, Ivanka's intelligence earned her
a degree in economics in 2004.
While Donald Trump's eldest children chose
to attend his alma mater, Eric Trump bucked
the family tradition, bypassing the University
of Pennsylvania following his 2002 high school
graduation to become a co-ed at Georgetown
University, according to Business Insider.
Believe it or not, Eric didn't have to try
too hard to fly under the radar while on campus.
He told CBS News during his sophomore year,
Eric graduated in 2006, according to Georgetown
Voice, with a degree in finance and management.
The glam and flamboyant mama bear of the group,
Ivana Trump; mother of Eric, Ivanka, and Don
Jr.; grew up in Czechoslovakia and was known
by her childhood friends for being "enviably
beautiful and hardworking," according to People
magazine.
She reportedly went to work as a model and
also attended Charles University in Prague,
and earned a masters in physical education.
Becoming Mrs. Trump signaled Ivana's entrance
into New York's elite circles, and her eventual
divorce from Donald left her with a cool $14
million in her bank account, according to
the New York Times.
So, perhaps she doesn't really need a college
degree after all.
Tiffany Trump, the daughter of Donald Trump
and his second ex-wife, actress Marla Maples,
may not be as well known as some of her half-siblings.
However, she's making some major moves behind
the scenes, pushing her education to levels
that no other Trump has gone before.
Tiffany enrolled at the University of Pennsylvania
and graduated with a double major in sociology
and urban studies in May 2016.
Her father told People magazine prior to her
graduation,
Unlike her sister Ivanka, Tiffany didn't hang
up her cap and gown and make a beeline for
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
Instead, she threw herself right back into
the books by enrolling at Georgetown Law.
When her husband was President-Elect Donald
Trump, first lady-elect Melania Trump had
a rather robust biography on the incoming
administration's official website.
The site initially claimed she obtained a
degree in architecture and design from a university
in her native Slovenia.
However, that contradicted an April 2016 GQ
piece, which stated she had "decamped to Milan
after her first year of college, effectively
dropping out."
So what's the truth?
NBC News contacted a professor who said he
briefly instructed Melania in Slovenia.
He had this to say:
Eventually, Melania was forced to address
the speculation.
Her bio was revised, briefly, to state that
she had "paused her studies to advance her
modeling career in Milan and Paris."
As of the making of this video, however, Melania's
official White House bio no longer mentions
her educational achievements at all.